    My programming skills have greatly improved in the following ways:
    I think that my programming skills have greatly improved from doing the WOD and Labs. Some stuff feel like it comes naturally now and I don't have to stress about it. 
    For example, making sure to use ; or commenting.

    I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills:
    There is alot that I need to work on. I feel like I can get lost quickly when following a Lab and once you are lost, it is hard to catch back up. 
    I just need to keep practicing that stuff I know while learning the new stuff too.

    I have learned a lot from doing WODs and I can do them without copying the screencast:
    I try and do all my WODs first try without watching the screencast. I usually do well but I usually get caught up on minor problems that make me need to watch the screencast.
    Ofcourse a minor problem in programming can throw off your entire code, so it tends to be frustrating. This is what helps me learn and no to make those mistakes again in the future.

    The labs have help me learn and I am able to complete them with confidence:
    The labs have truely helped me alot but one thing that always gets me are the questions that are asked. I always seem to have a hard time describing something or explaining how it works.

    I learned a lot from my experience doing Assignment 1 and feel ready to work on Assignment 2:
    After assignment 1, I don't feel ready for assignment 2. I struggled alot on assignment 1 but only on a few parts which made me come to a standstill and not be able to complete it to 
    where i wanted it to be. One thing that I couldn't figure out and I seen alot of others not to be able to figure out (well not the correct way) was to use our available quantity in our
    .json file and correctly display the quantity after it is purchased. I seen people use a default one from all their products like 100. 

    I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:
    I can't say for sure but I looked at last smemsters student's assignment 1 and I saw that alot of theres were not intense as our (the quantity issue). Also, watching the screencast too
    made me think this too. I could't find anything as a reference for help. I even tried to use w3schools and Google quite a bit. I'd say I invested well over 15 hours trying to solve this
    one issue. I should have asked the instructor so it is my fault overall but I tend to never ask for help and alwasy do things on my own. I think for the harder parts, maybe have a little
    guide or hint to help.

    What helps me the most in class are (WODs, Labs, class website, screencasts, readings, quizzes, one on one help, working with classmates, etc.):
    I think the WOD helped out the most. It makes you think and work it out throughout the whole exercise which I like. It also provides the help if needed so you arn't stuck for long periods
    of time.
