    Briefly describe your system (e.g. A store selling Pokemon game cards)
    A store selling Ice cream online. You can order cones, ice cream, and toppings. It you don't want that, you can also get ice cream sandwiches. 

    Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?
    Only additional features not implmented was some extra credit like encrpyted passwords and editable user information.

    Describe what you are most proud of about your system:
    I would ssay everything, I invested alot of time into the coding to make everything that i could work. I also made my own images too.

    Describe what you are least happy with your system:
    I was hoping that i could figure out more of the extra credit things but I ended up running out of time.

    How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2?
    It was completely different because i started from scratch on this assignment. I decided that I couldn't get a good concept in mind with kitchen knife sets so I went with Ice cream for the fun of it!

    When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it?
    When I ran into a problem(alot of those) I would research on W3schools and stackoverflow (seems alot of people would have the same problems as other).

    Describe what worked well in doing this assignment?
    I think my assignment as a whole works well! I don't think there is one thing I can point out specifically. 

    Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment?
    I think one thing that didn't work well is trying to get the shopping cart number of items on the navbar to update dynamically. I got it to only work by refreshing the page.

    What did you learn from doing this assignment?
    I learned a great deal about programming and learning from my mistakes.

    If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change?
    Allowing permissions on my assignment 2 since I got knocked 20 points for it.

    Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging
    (a)25%
    (b)25%
    (c)50%
