---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Intro
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-08-30
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Learning
---   
Hey everyone! My name is Geofrey but you can call me Jeff. I think it looks and sounds better than my original name. I am currectly a stay-at-home dad while going to school full time. I love to spend time with my family by traveling and going on adventures. I always wanted to raise my children the way I always wanted to be raised but never got to experience. I just got my AA at Kapoilani Community College in Liberal Arts with a concentration in business. 

My goals are to finish my degree and to move overseas. I hope to move to South Africa, Japan, Korea, China, New Zealand or anywhere south-east Asia. Ideally, I hope that my wife or I get a remote job that we can work from anywhere in the world while the other one finds a job at one of these locations. I know, I'm aiming high! I think it is important for my kids to be cultured so that way they can be even more production member of society. 

I left the military after 11 years and wanted to higher my education. It was difficult for me to find a degree that I was interested in. I started at KCC as a culinary arts student. I quickly switched to mechanical engineering and overall, ended with MIS. I believe MIS bring together the best of things I am interested in. I always like working with digital languages. When I was in highschool, I enjoyed making websites. I think with my military experience and my interests in technology, I think MIS is the best degree for my future.
